In this shitty rented dump
I can’t stand
Another minute
Soon, soon
Anything I, Fù Jiā Hào, want
No one dares make me wait
Sī Sī
Don’t let me find out you’re scheming
Or else
You know what’ll happen
Jiā Hào
You know
Even though I’m
The Eldest Miss of the Jiǎng family
My stepmother controls all the money
The house you like is so expensive
Over ten million
Where am I supposed to get that much money?
Sī Sī
Sorry
I was too impatient
Jiā Hào
After this time together
I’ve thought a lot
We’ve been together so long
How could I
Not have any feelings
For you?
Before
I shouldn’t have spoken to you like that
Don’t be mad anymore, okay?
Fine, I get it
You’re the best
Don’t worry
As long as you obey me
I’ll definitely make you
Dōng Hǎi’s
Most admired rich lady
Oh, right, Jiā Hào
Today I also want
To give you a gift
You’ll definitely love it
What is it?
This